`v4.0.2` (#3063)
mui-org/material-ui-x: CHANGELOG.md

All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.
See [Conventional Commits](https://conventionalcommits.org) for commit guidelines.

## 4.0.2

_Nov 1, 2021_

This version backports bug fixes and some of the features from the v5.x active release line.
As the development of v5 evolves, newer fixes might not be cherry-picked to the legacy version.

> To have access to the latest features it is encouraged to upgrade to MUI X v5 and MUI Core v5.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To have access to the latest features it is encouraged to upgrade to MUI X v5.
Upgrading MUI Core to v5 is also recommended, however, v4 can still be used by following these [instructions](https://mui.com/components/data-grid/getting-started/#using-mui-x-v5-with-mui-core-v4).
```

Big thanks to the 3 contributors who made this release possible. Here are some highlights ✨:

- ⚡️ Stop drag event propagation (#2987) @chendoron
- 🐞 Prevent scroll when selecting rows (#2558) (#2999) @m4theushw

### `@mui/x-data-grid@v4.0.2` / `@mui/x-data-grid-pro@v4.0.2`

#### Changes

> - [DataGrid] Prevent scroll when selecting rows (#2558) (#2999) @m4theushw

Reviewer: I didn't remove the cherry-picked PR number when commiting.

```suggestion
- [DataGrid] Prevent scroll when selecting rows (#2999) @m4theushw
```
